docs/src/docs/hooks/use-queue.mdx, before:

---
group: 'mantine-hooks'
package: '@mantine/hooks'
title: 'use-queue'
category: 'state'
order: 1
slug: /hooks/use-queue/
description: 'Add data to queue if current limit is exceeded'
import: "import { useQueue } from '@mantine/hooks';"
docs: 'hooks/use-queue.mdx'
source: 'mantine-hooks/src/use-queue/use-queue.ts'
---

import { NotificationsDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

## Usage

use-queue limits the amount of data in current state and place the rest of it in a queue.
For example, in [@mantine/notifications](/others/notifications/) package amount of
notifications that is currently displayed is limited and other new notifications are added to queue and displayed once
available space appears.

```tsx
import { useQueue } from '@mantine/hooks';

const { state, queue, add, update, cleanQueue } = useQueue({
  initialValues: [1],
  limit: 2,
});

// state -> [1], queue -> []

// When state.length is less that limit, new items are added to state
add(2);
// state -> [1,2], queue -> []

// When state.length is equal to limit, new items are added to queue
add(3, 4, 5, 6);
// state -> [1,2], queue -> [3,4,5,6]

// Use update function to modify items
update((values) => values.map((item) => item * 3));
// state -> [3,6], queue -> [9,12,15,18]

// If you add or remove items in update function,
// they will be divided between queue and state according to limit
// order is always preserved
update((values) => values.filter((item) => item % 2));
// state -> [3,9], queue -> [15]

// Remove all items from queue
cleanQueue();
// state -> [3,9], queue -> []

// Remove all items from queue and state
update(() => []);
// state -> [], queue -> []
```

## API

Hook accepts single argument – configuration object with keys:

- `initialValues` – optional initial values (divided between state and queue according to limit), defaults to empty array
- `limit` – maximum amount of items that state can include, every next item after limit is exceeded is put in queue

Return value:

- `state` – current state
- `queue` – current queue
- `add` – add any amount of items to state or queue
- `update` – apply given function to all items in state and queue, use it to filter, modify or add items
- `cleanQueue` – remove all items from queue

## Example

Example of use-queue hook usage in [Mantine notifications system](/others/notifications/). By default
only 5 notifications can be displayed at a time, rest are added to queue.

<Demo data={NotificationsDemos.clean} demoProps={{ toggle: true }} />

## TypeScript

By default, hook will get types information from `initialValues` automatically:

```tsx
const q = useQueue({
  limit: 2,
  initialValues: [
    { name: 'Bob', id: 1 },
    { name: 'Alice', id: 2 },
  ],
});

typeof q.state[number]; // -> { name: string; id: number; }
```

If you do not provide `initialValues`, pass in type for state item:

```tsx
const q = useQueue<{ name: string; id: number }>({
  limit: 2,
  initialValues: [],
});

q.add({ name: 'Bob', id: 1 });
```

## TypeScript

### Definition

```tsx
function useQueue<T>(configuration: { initialValues?: T[]; limit: number }): {
  state: T[];
  queue: T[];
  add: (...items: T[]) => void;
  update: (fn: (state: T[]) => T[]) => void;
  cleanQueue: () => void;
};
```

### Item type

Item type is set automatically based on `initialValues`,
if you do not have `initialValue` it is required to pass in item type:

```tsx
// ok -> typeof state[number] -> string
const { state } = useQueue({ initialValues: ['1', '2', '3'], limit: 3 });

// type cannot be assigned automatically, specify it
const { state } = useQueue<string>({ limit: 3 });
```

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/hooks/use-queue.mdx, after:

---
group: 'coengageui-hooks'
package: '@coengageui/hooks'
title: 'use-queue'
category: 'state'
order: 1
slug: /hooks/use-queue/
description: 'Add data to queue if current limit is exceeded'
import: "import { useQueue } from '@coengageui/hooks';"
docs: 'hooks/use-queue.mdx'
source: 'coengageui-hooks/src/use-queue/use-queue.ts'
---

import { NotificationsDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

## Usage

use-queue limits the amount of data in current state and place the rest of it in a queue.
For example, in [@coengageui/notifications](/others/notifications/) package amount of
notifications that is currently displayed is limited and other new notifications are added to queue and displayed once
available space appears.

```tsx
import { useQueue } from '@coengageui/hooks';

const { state, queue, add, update, cleanQueue } = useQueue({
  initialValues: [1],
  limit: 2,
});

// state -> [1], queue -> []

// When state.length is less that limit, new items are added to state
add(2);
// state -> [1,2], queue -> []

// When state.length is equal to limit, new items are added to queue
add(3, 4, 5, 6);
// state -> [1,2], queue -> [3,4,5,6]

// Use update function to modify items
update((values) => values.map((item) => item * 3));
// state -> [3,6], queue -> [9,12,15,18]

// If you add or remove items in update function,
// they will be divided between queue and state according to limit
// order is always preserved
update((values) => values.filter((item) => item % 2));
// state -> [3,9], queue -> [15]

// Remove all items from queue
cleanQueue();
// state -> [3,9], queue -> []

// Remove all items from queue and state
update(() => []);
// state -> [], queue -> []
```

## API

Hook accepts single argument – configuration object with keys:

- `initialValues` – optional initial values (divided between state and queue according to limit), defaults to empty array
- `limit` – maximum amount of items that state can include, every next item after limit is exceeded is put in queue

Return value:

- `state` – current state
- `queue` – current queue
- `add` – add any amount of items to state or queue
- `update` – apply given function to all items in state and queue, use it to filter, modify or add items
- `cleanQueue` – remove all items from queue

## Example

Example of use-queue hook usage in [CoengageUI notifications system](/others/notifications/). By default
only 5 notifications can be displayed at a time, rest are added to queue.

<Demo data={NotificationsDemos.clean} demoProps={{ toggle: true }} />

## TypeScript

By default, hook will get types information from `initialValues` automatically:

```tsx
const q = useQueue({
  limit: 2,
  initialValues: [
    { name: 'Bob', id: 1 },
    { name: 'Alice', id: 2 },
  ],
});

typeof q.state[number]; // -> { name: string; id: number; }
```

If you do not provide `initialValues`, pass in type for state item:

```tsx
const q = useQueue<{ name: string; id: number }>({
  limit: 2,
  initialValues: [],
});

q.add({ name: 'Bob', id: 1 });
```

## TypeScript

### Definition

```tsx
function useQueue<T>(configuration: { initialValues?: T[]; limit: number }): {
  state: T[];
  queue: T[];
  add: (...items: T[]) => void;
  update: (fn: (state: T[]) => T[]) => void;
  cleanQueue: () => void;
};
```

### Item type

Item type is set automatically based on `initialValues`,
if you do not have `initialValue` it is required to pass in item type:

```tsx
// ok -> typeof state[number] -> string
const { state } = useQueue({ initialValues: ['1', '2', '3'], limit: 3 });

// type cannot be assigned automatically, specify it
const { state } = useQueue<string>({ limit: 3 });
```
