docs/src/docs/core/Input.mdx, before:

---
group: 'mantine-core'
package: '@mantine/core'
title: Input
order: 1
slug: /core/input/
category: 'inputs'
description: 'Base component to create custom inputs'
props: ['Input']
import: "import { Input } from '@mantine/core';"
source: 'mantine-core/src/components/Input/Input.tsx'
docs: 'core/Input.mdx'
styles: ['Input']
---

import { InputDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

## Disclaimer

**!important:** In most cases, you should not use Input component in your application.
Input component is a base for other inputs and was not designed to be used directly.

```tsx
// Incorrect usage, input is not accessible
<InputWrapper label="Input label">
  <Input />
</InputWrapper>

// Use TextInput instead of Input everywhere you want to use Input,
// it is accessible by default and includes InputWrapper
<TextInput label="Input label" description="Input description" />
```

## Usage

Input component is used as base for all other inputs ([Select](/core/select/), [TextInput](/core/text-input/), [Textarea](/core/textarea/) and others).
The single purpose of Input is to provide shared styles and features to other inputs.
Use other components listed above to build forms (as they provide better accessibility)
and Input component as base for your own custom inputs with Mantine theme.

<Demo data={InputDemos.configurator} />

## Variants

Input has 3 variants, all of which are available on all Mantine inputs.
Note that unstyled input variant may significantly impact usability, use it wisely.

<Demo data={InputDemos.variants} />

## Icon and right section

<Demo data={InputDemos.icon} />

Right section with [Tooltip](/core/tooltip/):

<Demo data={InputDemos.tooltip} />

## Sizes

Component has 5 premade sizes: xs, sm, md, lg, xl, use `size` prop to control input height, padding and font-size:

<Demo data={InputDemos.sizes} />

## Custom component

As Input component is intended to be a base for all other inputs,
you can pass `component` prop which will define root element:

<Demo data={InputDemos.component} />

## Headless variant

If you want to add your own styles to input it's better to start from scratch rather than overriding Mantine styles,
use special `headless` variant which does not include any Mantine styles but still supports all other features: icon, right section, etc.:

<Demo data={InputDemos.headless} />

## Get input ref

You can get input ref by passing `ref` prop to Input component:

```tsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { Input } from '@mantine/core';

function Demo() {
  const ref = useRef<HTMLInputElement>();
  return <Input ref={ref} />;
}
```

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/core/Input.mdx, after:

---
group: 'coengageui-core'
package: '@coengageui/core'
title: Input
order: 1
slug: /core/input/
category: 'inputs'
description: 'Base component to create custom inputs'
props: ['Input']
import: "import { Input } from '@coengageui/core';"
source: 'coengageui-core/src/components/Input/Input.tsx'
docs: 'core/Input.mdx'
styles: ['Input']
---

import { InputDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

## Disclaimer

**!important:** In most cases, you should not use Input component in your application.
Input component is a base for other inputs and was not designed to be used directly.

```tsx
// Incorrect usage, input is not accessible
<InputWrapper label="Input label">
  <Input />
</InputWrapper>

// Use TextInput instead of Input everywhere you want to use Input,
// it is accessible by default and includes InputWrapper
<TextInput label="Input label" description="Input description" />
```

## Usage

Input component is used as base for all other inputs ([Select](/core/select/), [TextInput](/core/text-input/), [Textarea](/core/textarea/) and others).
The single purpose of Input is to provide shared styles and features to other inputs.
Use other components listed above to build forms (as they provide better accessibility)
and Input component as base for your own custom inputs with CoengageUI theme.

<Demo data={InputDemos.configurator} />

## Variants

Input has 3 variants, all of which are available on all CoengageUI inputs.
Note that unstyled input variant may significantly impact usability, use it wisely.

<Demo data={InputDemos.variants} />

## Icon and right section

<Demo data={InputDemos.icon} />

Right section with [Tooltip](/core/tooltip/):

<Demo data={InputDemos.tooltip} />

## Sizes

Component has 5 premade sizes: xs, sm, md, lg, xl, use `size` prop to control input height, padding and font-size:

<Demo data={InputDemos.sizes} />

## Custom component

As Input component is intended to be a base for all other inputs,
you can pass `component` prop which will define root element:

<Demo data={InputDemos.component} />

## Headless variant

If you want to add your own styles to input it's better to start from scratch rather than overriding CoengageUI styles,
use special `headless` variant which does not include any CoengageUI styles but still supports all other features: icon, right section, etc.:

<Demo data={InputDemos.headless} />

## Get input ref

You can get input ref by passing `ref` prop to Input component:

```tsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { Input } from '@coengageui/core';

function Demo() {
  const ref = useRef<HTMLInputElement>();
  return <Input ref={ref} />;
}
```
