docs/src/docs/core/Overlay.mdx, before:

---
group: 'mantine-core'
package: '@mantine/core'
title: Overlay
order: 1
slug: /core/overlay/
category: 'overlay'
description: 'Overlays given element with div element with any color and opacity'
props: ['Overlay']
import: "import { Overlay } from '@mantine/core';"
source: 'mantine-core/src/components/Overlay/Overlay.tsx'
docs: 'core/Overlay.mdx'
styles: ['Overlay', 'single-node']
---

import { OverlayDemos, CardDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

## Usage

Overlay had absolute position and will take 100% of width and height of parent container.
It is used to build components like [Modal](/core/modal/) and [LoadingOverlay](/core/loading-overlay/).

You can change overlay opacity (from 0 to 1), color (CSS color value, not connected to Mantine theme) and z-index (number).

<Demo data={OverlayDemos.usage} />

## With gradient

<Demo data={OverlayDemos.gradient} />

## With blur

To blur the overlay backdrop, set the `blur` prop with a number. This will set the backdrop blur in px.
Note that blur [is not supported in Firefox](https://caniuse.com/css-backdrop-filter).

<Demo data={OverlayDemos.blur} />

## Custom component

You can pass custom tag or component that will be used as root element:

```tsx
import { Overlay } from '@mantine/core';
import { Link } from 'react-router-dom';

function Demo() {
  return (
    <>
      <Overlay<'a'> component="a" href="#" />
      <Overlay<typeof Link> component={Link} to="/hello" />
    </>
  );
}
```

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/core/Overlay.mdx, after:

---
group: 'coengageui-core'
package: '@coengageui/core'
title: Overlay
order: 1
slug: /core/overlay/
category: 'overlay'
description: 'Overlays given element with div element with any color and opacity'
props: ['Overlay']
import: "import { Overlay } from '@coengageui/core';"
source: 'coengageui-core/src/components/Overlay/Overlay.tsx'
docs: 'core/Overlay.mdx'
styles: ['Overlay', 'single-node']
---

import { OverlayDemos, CardDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

## Usage

Overlay had absolute position and will take 100% of width and height of parent container.
It is used to build components like [Modal](/core/modal/) and [LoadingOverlay](/core/loading-overlay/).

You can change overlay opacity (from 0 to 1), color (CSS color value, not connected to CoengageUI theme) and z-index (number).

<Demo data={OverlayDemos.usage} />

## With gradient

<Demo data={OverlayDemos.gradient} />

## With blur

To blur the overlay backdrop, set the `blur` prop with a number. This will set the backdrop blur in px.
Note that blur [is not supported in Firefox](https://caniuse.com/css-backdrop-filter).

<Demo data={OverlayDemos.blur} />

## Custom component

You can pass custom tag or component that will be used as root element:

```tsx
import { Overlay } from '@coengageui/core';
import { Link } from 'react-router-dom';

function Demo() {
  return (
    <>
      <Overlay<'a'> component="a" href="#" />
      <Overlay<typeof Link> component={Link} to="/hello" />
    </>
  );
}
```
