docs/src/docs/core/Space.mdx, before:

---
group: 'mantine-core'
package: '@mantine/core'
title: Space
order: 1
slug: /core/space/
category: 'layout'
description: 'Add horizontal or vertical spacing from theme'
props: ['Space']
import: "import { Space } from '@mantine/core';"
source: 'mantine-core/src/components/Space/Space.tsx'
docs: 'core/Space.mdx'
styles: ['Space', 'single-node']
---

import { SpaceDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

## Usage

Use Space component to add horizontal or vertical spacing between elements:

<Demo data={SpaceDemos.horizontal} />

<Demo data={SpaceDemos.vertical} />

## Where to use

In most cases, you would want to use margin props instead of Space when working with Mantine components:

```tsx
<Text>First line</Text>
// <Space h="md" /> is not required as the same can be achieved with margin
<Text mt="md">Second line</Text>
```

But when you work with regular HTML elements you do not have access to `theme.spacing` and you may want to use
Space component to skip direct theme subscription:

```tsx
<div>First line</div>
<Space h="md" />
// Margin props are not available on div, use Space to add spacing from theme
<div>Second line</div>
```

## h and w props

`h` and `w` are shortcuts for height and width, you can use values from [theme.spacing](/theming/extend-theme/#spacing-radius-and-shadows)
(xs, sm, md, lg, xl) or number to set width or height in px:

```tsx
// Height will be set from theme.spacing.md
<Space h="md" />

// Width will be set to 30px
<Space w={30} />
```

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/core/Space.mdx, after:

---
group: 'coengageui-core'
package: '@coengageui/core'
title: Space
order: 1
slug: /core/space/
category: 'layout'
description: 'Add horizontal or vertical spacing from theme'
props: ['Space']
import: "import { Space } from '@coengageui/core';"
source: 'coengageui-core/src/components/Space/Space.tsx'
docs: 'core/Space.mdx'
styles: ['Space', 'single-node']
---

import { SpaceDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

## Usage

Use Space component to add horizontal or vertical spacing between elements:

<Demo data={SpaceDemos.horizontal} />

<Demo data={SpaceDemos.vertical} />

## Where to use

In most cases, you would want to use margin props instead of Space when working with CoengageUI components:

```tsx
<Text>First line</Text>
// <Space h="md" /> is not required as the same can be achieved with margin
<Text mt="md">Second line</Text>
```

But when you work with regular HTML elements you do not have access to `theme.spacing` and you may want to use
Space component to skip direct theme subscription:

```tsx
<div>First line</div>
<Space h="md" />
// Margin props are not available on div, use Space to add spacing from theme
<div>Second line</div>
```

## h and w props

`h` and `w` are shortcuts for height and width, you can use values from [theme.spacing](/theming/extend-theme/#spacing-radius-and-shadows)
(xs, sm, md, lg, xl) or number to set width or height in px:

```tsx
// Height will be set from theme.spacing.md
<Space h="md" />

// Width will be set to 30px
<Space w={30} />
```
