docs/src/docs/core/Stepper.mdx, before:

---
group: 'mantine-core'
package: '@mantine/core'
title: Stepper
order: 1
slug: /core/stepper/
category: 'navigation'
description: 'Display content divided into a steps sequence'
props: ['Stepper', 'Step']
import: "import { Stepper, Step } from '@mantine/core';"
source: 'mantine-core/src/components/Stepper/Stepper.tsx'
docs: 'core/Stepper.mdx'
styles: ['Stepper']
---

import { StepperDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

## Usage

<Demo data={StepperDemos.usage} />

## Allow step select

To disable step selection set `allowStepSelect` prop on `Stepper.Step` component.
It can be used to prevent user from reaching next steps:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.allowStepSelect} />

## Color, radius and size

You can use any color from `theme.colors`, by default Stepper will use `theme.primaryColor`:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.configurator} />

Component size is controlled by two props: `size` and `iconSize`.
`size` prop controls icon size, label and description font size.
`iconSize` allows to overwrite icon size separately from other size values:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.iconSizeConfigurator} />

## With custom icons

You can replace step icon by setting `icon` prop on Step component.
To change completed check icon set `completedIcon` on Stepper component.
You can use any React node as icon: component, string, number:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.icons} />

You can use Stepper with icons only. Note that in this case you will have to
set `aria-label` or `title` on Step component to make it accessible:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.iconsOnly} />

You can also change completed icon for each step, for example, to indicate error state:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.stepColor} />

## Vertical orientation

<Demo data={StepperDemos.orientation} />

## Responsive styles

To change orientation based on viewport size set `breakpoint` prop.
In following example stepper will have horizontal orientation when viewport width is more
than `theme.breakpoints.md`:

```tsx
<Stepper breakpoint="md">{/* ...steps */}</Stepper>
```

You can [configure breakpoints](/theming/extend-theme/#breakpoints) in MantineProvider or use
number to set breakpoint in px:

```tsx
<Stepper breakpoint={755}>{/* ...steps */}</Stepper>
```

## Icon position

To change step icon and body arrangement set `iconPosition` to `right`,
this option is most useful for RTL:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.iconPosition} />

## Loading state

To indicate loading state set `loading` prop on Step component,
Loader will replace step icon. You can configure default loader in [MantineProvider](/theming/mantine-provider/).

<Demo data={StepperDemos.loading} />

## Customize with Styles API

You can change Stepper styles using [Styles API](/theming/styles-api/)

<Demo data={StepperDemos.stylesApi} demoProps={{ toggle: true }} />

<Demo data={StepperDemos.stylesApi2} demoProps={{ toggle: true }} />

## Get step ref

You can get refs of step button and stepper root element (div):

```tsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { Stepper } from '@mantine/core';

function MyStepper() {
  const firstStep = useRef<HTMLButtonElement>();
  const stepper = useRef<HTMLDivElement>();

  return (
    <Stepper ref={stepper} active={0}>
      <Stepper.Step label="First step" ref={firstStep} />
      <Stepper.Step label="Second step" />
    </Stepper>
  );
}
```

## Accessibility

`<Stepper.Step />` components render button element, set `aria-label` or `title` props
to make component visible for screen readers in case you do not specify `label` or `description`:

```tsx
<Stepper.Step /> // -> not ok, empty labels for screen reader
<Stepper.Step label="Step 1" description="Create an account" /> // -> ok
<Stepper.Step aria-label="Create an account" /> // -> ok
<Stepper.Step title="Create an account" /> // -> ok
```

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/core/Stepper.mdx, after:

---
group: 'coengageui-core'
package: '@coengageui/core'
title: Stepper
order: 1
slug: /core/stepper/
category: 'navigation'
description: 'Display content divided into a steps sequence'
props: ['Stepper', 'Step']
import: "import { Stepper, Step } from '@coengageui/core';"
source: 'coengageui-core/src/components/Stepper/Stepper.tsx'
docs: 'core/Stepper.mdx'
styles: ['Stepper']
---

import { StepperDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

## Usage

<Demo data={StepperDemos.usage} />

## Allow step select

To disable step selection set `allowStepSelect` prop on `Stepper.Step` component.
It can be used to prevent user from reaching next steps:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.allowStepSelect} />

## Color, radius and size

You can use any color from `theme.colors`, by default Stepper will use `theme.primaryColor`:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.configurator} />

Component size is controlled by two props: `size` and `iconSize`.
`size` prop controls icon size, label and description font size.
`iconSize` allows to overwrite icon size separately from other size values:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.iconSizeConfigurator} />

## With custom icons

You can replace step icon by setting `icon` prop on Step component.
To change completed check icon set `completedIcon` on Stepper component.
You can use any React node as icon: component, string, number:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.icons} />

You can use Stepper with icons only. Note that in this case you will have to
set `aria-label` or `title` on Step component to make it accessible:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.iconsOnly} />

You can also change completed icon for each step, for example, to indicate error state:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.stepColor} />

## Vertical orientation

<Demo data={StepperDemos.orientation} />

## Responsive styles

To change orientation based on viewport size set `breakpoint` prop.
In following example stepper will have horizontal orientation when viewport width is more
than `theme.breakpoints.md`:

```tsx
<Stepper breakpoint="md">{/* ...steps */}</Stepper>
```

You can [configure breakpoints](/theming/extend-theme/#breakpoints) in CoengageUIProvider or use
number to set breakpoint in px:

```tsx
<Stepper breakpoint={755}>{/* ...steps */}</Stepper>
```

## Icon position

To change step icon and body arrangement set `iconPosition` to `right`,
this option is most useful for RTL:

<Demo data={StepperDemos.iconPosition} />

## Loading state

To indicate loading state set `loading` prop on Step component,
Loader will replace step icon. You can configure default loader in [CoengageUIProvider](/theming/coengageui-provider/).

<Demo data={StepperDemos.loading} />

## Customize with Styles API

You can change Stepper styles using [Styles API](/theming/styles-api/)

<Demo data={StepperDemos.stylesApi} demoProps={{ toggle: true }} />

<Demo data={StepperDemos.stylesApi2} demoProps={{ toggle: true }} />

## Get step ref

You can get refs of step button and stepper root element (div):

```tsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { Stepper } from '@coengageui/core';

function MyStepper() {
  const firstStep = useRef<HTMLButtonElement>();
  const stepper = useRef<HTMLDivElement>();

  return (
    <Stepper ref={stepper} active={0}>
      <Stepper.Step label="First step" ref={firstStep} />
      <Stepper.Step label="Second step" />
    </Stepper>
  );
}
```

## Accessibility

`<Stepper.Step />` components render button element, set `aria-label` or `title` props
to make component visible for screen readers in case you do not specify `label` or `description`:

```tsx
<Stepper.Step /> // -> not ok, empty labels for screen reader
<Stepper.Step label="Step 1" description="Create an account" /> // -> ok
<Stepper.Step aria-label="Create an account" /> // -> ok
<Stepper.Step title="Create an account" /> // -> ok
```
