docs/src/docs/others/prism.mdx, before:

---
group: 'Other packages'
package: '@mantine/prism'
title: 'Prism code highlight'
order: 1
slug: /others/prism/
description: 'Code highlight with Mantine theme colors and styles'
props: ['Prism']
import: "import { Prism } from '@mantine/prism';"
source: 'mantine-prism/src'
docs: 'others/prism.mdx'
installation: 'prism-react-renderer @mantine/prism'
license: MIT
styles: ['Prism', 'PrismTabs']
---

import { PrismDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

## Installation

Package depends on [react](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react), [react-dom](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-dom), [@mantine/hooks](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mantine/hooks), [@mantine/core](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mantine/core) and [prism-react-renderer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/prism-react-renderer).

Install with npm:

```sh
npm install @mantine/prism @mantine/core @mantine/hooks
```

Install with yarn:

```sh
yarn add @mantine/prism @mantine/core @mantine/hooks
```

## Usage

Use Prism component to highlight code with Mantine theme styles.
Component uses [prism-react-renderer](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/prism-react-renderer)
under the hood and support light and dark theme, it is used in Mantine docs to display all code examples.

<Demo data={PrismDemos.usage} />

## Line numbers

Set `withLineNumbers` prop to display line numbers:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.lineNumbers} />

## Lines highlight

To highlight individual lines use `highlightLines` prop with object containing
line numbers as keys and highlight options as values. Highlight options include
color from `theme.colors` and label which replaces line number:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.linesHighlight} />

## Copy button

To remove copy button set `noCopy` prop.
Copy button labels can be changed with `copyLabel` and `copiedLabel` props:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.copyLabel} />

## Native scrollbars

By default, Prism uses [ScrollArea](/core/scroll-area/) component to handle overflow content,
to replace it with native scrollbars set `scrollAreaComponent="div"`:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.scrollbars} />

## With tabs

To display multiple files use `Prism.Tabs` component, it supports the same props as [Tabs](/core/tabs/) component:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.tabs} />

## Force dark/light theme

You can force dark/light color scheme by setting `colorScheme` prop:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.themeOverride} />

## Languages

Component supports all languages which are supported by [prism-react-renderer](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/prism-react-renderer):

<Demo data={PrismDemos.languages} />

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/others/prism.mdx, after:

---
group: 'Other packages'
package: '@coengageui/prism'
title: 'Prism code highlight'
order: 1
slug: /others/prism/
description: 'Code highlight with CoengageUI theme colors and styles'
props: ['Prism']
import: "import { Prism } from '@coengageui/prism';"
source: 'coengageui-prism/src'
docs: 'others/prism.mdx'
installation: 'prism-react-renderer @coengageui/prism'
license: MIT
styles: ['Prism', 'PrismTabs']
---

import { PrismDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

## Installation

Package depends on [react](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react), [react-dom](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-dom), [@coengageui/hooks](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@coengageui/hooks), [@coengageui/core](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@coengageui/core) and [prism-react-renderer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/prism-react-renderer).

Install with npm:

```sh
npm install @coengageui/prism @coengageui/core @coengageui/hooks
```

Install with yarn:

```sh
yarn add @coengageui/prism @coengageui/core @coengageui/hooks
```

## Usage

Use Prism component to highlight code with CoengageUI theme styles.
Component uses [prism-react-renderer](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/prism-react-renderer)
under the hood and support light and dark theme, it is used in CoengageUI docs to display all code examples.

<Demo data={PrismDemos.usage} />

## Line numbers

Set `withLineNumbers` prop to display line numbers:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.lineNumbers} />

## Lines highlight

To highlight individual lines use `highlightLines` prop with object containing
line numbers as keys and highlight options as values. Highlight options include
color from `theme.colors` and label which replaces line number:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.linesHighlight} />

## Copy button

To remove copy button set `noCopy` prop.
Copy button labels can be changed with `copyLabel` and `copiedLabel` props:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.copyLabel} />

## Native scrollbars

By default, Prism uses [ScrollArea](/core/scroll-area/) component to handle overflow content,
to replace it with native scrollbars set `scrollAreaComponent="div"`:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.scrollbars} />

## With tabs

To display multiple files use `Prism.Tabs` component, it supports the same props as [Tabs](/core/tabs/) component:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.tabs} />

## Force dark/light theme

You can force dark/light color scheme by setting `colorScheme` prop:

<Demo data={PrismDemos.themeOverride} />

## Languages

Component supports all languages which are supported by [prism-react-renderer](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/prism-react-renderer):

<Demo data={PrismDemos.languages} />
