docs/src/docs/dates/month.mdx, before:

---
group: 'mantine-dates'
package: '@mantine/dates'
title: Month
order: 1
slug: /dates/month/
description: 'Most basic date related component, displays given month with optional weekdays row'
props: ['Month']
import: "import { Month } from '@mantine/dates';"
source: 'mantine-dates/src/components/Month/Month.tsx'
docs: 'dates/Month.mdx'
styles: ['Month']
---

import { MonthDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

## Usage

Month is the most basic @mantine/dates component, it displays single month without any controls to change current month.
Component is used as base for [Calendar](/dates/calendar/), [DatePicker](/dates/date-picker/)
and other components. You can use Month to build custom date or date range pickers that are not included in @mantine/dates
but in most cases other components will be more suitable in your application.

<Demo data={MonthDemos.usage} />

## Localization

All @mantine/dates components are built with [dayjs](https://day.js.org/) library.
Default locale is `en`, to change this follow [dayjs localization guide](https://day.js.org/docs/en/i18n/loading-into-nodejs):

```tsx
// First import locale data
import 'dayjs/locale/ru';
```

Then set `locale` prop in component:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.localization} />

## First day of the week

Change first day of week with `firstDayOfWeek` prop. It accepts either `sunday` or `monday` as values:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.firstDaySunday} />

## Weekend days

You can set days of week that should be treated as weekend with `weekendDays` prop:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.weekendDays} />

## Range

Highlight date range with `range` prop. Prop accepts an array with two dates, later date must always go last:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.range} />

## Min and max dates

Set `minDate` and `maxDate` props to define minimum and maximum possible dates.
Dates which are not included in available interval will be disabled:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.boundaries} />

## Exclude dates

To exclude dates set `excludeDate` prop with function that receives date as an argument and returns
`true` if date should be disabled. For example, to disable weekends check if date day is 0 or 6:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.exclude} />

## Hide weekdays names

To hide weekdays names row set `hideWeekdays` prop:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.weekdays} />

## Add styles to days

You can apply styles to any day with `dayStyle` or `dayClassName` callbacks.
Both functions receive two arguments:

- `date` – date object which is used to render day
- `modifiers` – modifiers that are applied to day

### Modifiers

```tsx
interface DayModifiers {
  /** Is date selected and is first or last in range? */
  selectedInRange: boolean;

  /** Is date equal to value? */
  selected: boolean;

  /** Based on minDate, maxDate, excludeDate and disableOutsideEvents props */
  disabled: boolean;

  /** Is date is range? */
  inRange: boolean;

  /** Is date first or last in given range? */
  firstInRange: boolean;
  lastInRange: boolean;

  /** Is date Saturday or Sunday? */
  weekend: boolean;

  /** Is date outside of given month? */
  outside: boolean;
}
```

### Styles based on date

`dayStyle` callback allows you to add inline styles to days. Function must return either styles object or null.
In this example, we will add red background to each Friday 13th based on date (first argument):

<Demo data={MonthDemos.styles} />

### Styles based on modifiers

`dayClassName` callback allows you to add className to days. Function must return either className string or null.
In this example, we will hide all outside dates and change color of weekends based on modifiers (second argument):

<Demo data={MonthDemos.modifiers} />

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/dates/month.mdx, after:

---
group: 'coengageui-dates'
package: '@coengageui/dates'
title: Month
order: 1
slug: /dates/month/
description: 'Most basic date related component, displays given month with optional weekdays row'
props: ['Month']
import: "import { Month } from '@coengageui/dates';"
source: 'coengageui-dates/src/components/Month/Month.tsx'
docs: 'dates/Month.mdx'
styles: ['Month']
---

import { MonthDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

## Usage

Month is the most basic @coengageui/dates component, it displays single month without any controls to change current month.
Component is used as base for [Calendar](/dates/calendar/), [DatePicker](/dates/date-picker/)
and other components. You can use Month to build custom date or date range pickers that are not included in @coengageui/dates
but in most cases other components will be more suitable in your application.

<Demo data={MonthDemos.usage} />

## Localization

All @coengageui/dates components are built with [dayjs](https://day.js.org/) library.
Default locale is `en`, to change this follow [dayjs localization guide](https://day.js.org/docs/en/i18n/loading-into-nodejs):

```tsx
// First import locale data
import 'dayjs/locale/ru';
```

Then set `locale` prop in component:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.localization} />

## First day of the week

Change first day of week with `firstDayOfWeek` prop. It accepts either `sunday` or `monday` as values:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.firstDaySunday} />

## Weekend days

You can set days of week that should be treated as weekend with `weekendDays` prop:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.weekendDays} />

## Range

Highlight date range with `range` prop. Prop accepts an array with two dates, later date must always go last:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.range} />

## Min and max dates

Set `minDate` and `maxDate` props to define minimum and maximum possible dates.
Dates which are not included in available interval will be disabled:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.boundaries} />

## Exclude dates

To exclude dates set `excludeDate` prop with function that receives date as an argument and returns
`true` if date should be disabled. For example, to disable weekends check if date day is 0 or 6:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.exclude} />

## Hide weekdays names

To hide weekdays names row set `hideWeekdays` prop:

<Demo data={MonthDemos.weekdays} />

## Add styles to days

You can apply styles to any day with `dayStyle` or `dayClassName` callbacks.
Both functions receive two arguments:

- `date` – date object which is used to render day
- `modifiers` – modifiers that are applied to day

### Modifiers

```tsx
interface DayModifiers {
  /** Is date selected and is first or last in range? */
  selectedInRange: boolean;

  /** Is date equal to value? */
  selected: boolean;

  /** Based on minDate, maxDate, excludeDate and disableOutsideEvents props */
  disabled: boolean;

  /** Is date is range? */
  inRange: boolean;

  /** Is date first or last in given range? */
  firstInRange: boolean;
  lastInRange: boolean;

  /** Is date Saturday or Sunday? */
  weekend: boolean;

  /** Is date outside of given month? */
  outside: boolean;
}
```

### Styles based on date

`dayStyle` callback allows you to add inline styles to days. Function must return either styles object or null.
In this example, we will add red background to each Friday 13th based on date (first argument):

<Demo data={MonthDemos.styles} />

### Styles based on modifiers

`dayClassName` callback allows you to add className to days. Function must return either className string or null.
In this example, we will hide all outside dates and change color of weekends based on modifiers (second argument):

<Demo data={MonthDemos.modifiers} />
