docs/src/docs/theming/create-styles.mdx, before:

---
group: 'theming'
title: createStyles
slug: /theming/create-styles/
order: 2
search: 'cx function, media queries, responsive styles, keyframes'
---

import { TabsDemos, CreateStylesDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

# createStyles

All Mantine components are built with [emotion](https://emotion.sh/) based css-in-js library.
We recommend using `createStyles` to create styles for the rest of your application
as it provides the most convenient way to utilize Mantine theme, but it is not required
– you can use any other styling tools and languages.

## Features

- As fast and lightweight as emotion: `createStyles` extends [@emotion/react](https://emotion.sh/docs/@emotion/react)
- Subscribes to your Mantine theming context
- Supports all emotion features: automatic critical css extraction during server side rendering, lazy evaluation, dynamic theming, etc.
- Server side rendering support: Next.js, Gatsby or any other environment
- Fully featured TypeScript support

## Basic usage

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesBasics} />

## Pseudo-classes

You can add pseudo-classes the same way as in any css-preprocessor like Sass:

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesPseudo} />

## Styles parameters

You can receive any amount of parameters as second argument of `createStyles` function,
latter you will need to pass those parameters as argument to `useStyles` hook:

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesParameters} />

## Composition and nested selectors

Since `createStyles` produces scoped class names you will need to create a reference to selector
in order to get static selector. `createStyles` receives `getRef` function to handle static selector creation:

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesComposition} />

## Classes merging (cx function)

To merge class names use `cx` function, it has the same api as [clsx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/clsx) package.

**!important:** Do not use external libraries like [classnames](https://www.npmjs.com/package/classnames)
or [clsx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/clsx) with class names created with `createStyles` function
as it will produce styles collisions.

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesCx} />

## Media queries

You can use nested media queries like in Sass. Within query body you can use `theme.breakpoints`
defined via [MantineProvider](/theming/extend-theme/#breakpoints) or just static values:

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesMedia} />

## Keyframes

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesKeyframes} />

## Inline styles

Most of Mantine components support [Styles API](/theming/styles-api/).
You can override default component styles inline or using [MantineProvider](/theming/mantine-provider/)
the same way as with `createStyles`:

<Demo data={TabsDemos.stylesApi} />

## Using createStyles without @mantine/core

You can use `createStyles` and `MantineProvider` without any other Mantine packages:

```bash
yarn add @mantine/styles

npm install @mantine/styles
```

After installation you can import `createStyles` and other function from `@mantine/styles` instead of `@mantine/core` and use it separately:

```tsx
import { createStyles, MantineProvider, useMantineTheme } from '@mantine/styles';
```

## Can I use other css-in-js libraries or SCSS with Mantine?

Yes, you can. But please note that Mantine already uses [emotion](https://emotion.sh/) and you may
have styles collisions and would have to overwrite styles with `!important`. Please consider
choosing `createStyle` before picking other libraries.

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/theming/create-styles.mdx, after:

---
group: 'theming'
title: createStyles
slug: /theming/create-styles/
order: 2
search: 'cx function, media queries, responsive styles, keyframes'
---

import { TabsDemos, CreateStylesDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

# createStyles

All CoengageUI components are built with [emotion](https://emotion.sh/) based css-in-js library.
We recommend using `createStyles` to create styles for the rest of your application
as it provides the most convenient way to utilize CoengageUI theme, but it is not required
– you can use any other styling tools and languages.

## Features

- As fast and lightweight as emotion: `createStyles` extends [@emotion/react](https://emotion.sh/docs/@emotion/react)
- Subscribes to your CoengageUI theming context
- Supports all emotion features: automatic critical css extraction during server side rendering, lazy evaluation, dynamic theming, etc.
- Server side rendering support: Next.js, Gatsby or any other environment
- Fully featured TypeScript support

## Basic usage

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesBasics} />

## Pseudo-classes

You can add pseudo-classes the same way as in any css-preprocessor like Sass:

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesPseudo} />

## Styles parameters

You can receive any amount of parameters as second argument of `createStyles` function,
latter you will need to pass those parameters as argument to `useStyles` hook:

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesParameters} />

## Composition and nested selectors

Since `createStyles` produces scoped class names you will need to create a reference to selector
in order to get static selector. `createStyles` receives `getRef` function to handle static selector creation:

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesComposition} />

## Classes merging (cx function)

To merge class names use `cx` function, it has the same api as [clsx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/clsx) package.

**!important:** Do not use external libraries like [classnames](https://www.npmjs.com/package/classnames)
or [clsx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/clsx) with class names created with `createStyles` function
as it will produce styles collisions.

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesCx} />

## Media queries

You can use nested media queries like in Sass. Within query body you can use `theme.breakpoints`
defined via [CoengageUIProvider](/theming/extend-theme/#breakpoints) or just static values:

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesMedia} />

## Keyframes

<Demo data={CreateStylesDemos.createStylesKeyframes} />

## Inline styles

Most of CoengageUI components support [Styles API](/theming/styles-api/).
You can override default component styles inline or using [CoengageUIProvider](/theming/coengageui-provider/)
the same way as with `createStyles`:

<Demo data={TabsDemos.stylesApi} />

## Using createStyles without @coengageui/core

You can use `createStyles` and `CoengageUIProvider` without any other CoengageUI packages:

```bash
yarn add @coengageui/styles

npm install @coengageui/styles
```

After installation you can import `createStyles` and other function from `@coengageui/styles` instead of `@coengageui/core` and use it separately:

```tsx
import { createStyles, CoengageUIProvider, useCoengageUITheme } from '@coengageui/styles';
```

## Can I use other css-in-js libraries or SCSS with CoengageUI?

Yes, you can. But please note that CoengageUI already uses [emotion](https://emotion.sh/) and you may
have styles collisions and would have to overwrite styles with `!important`. Please consider
choosing `createStyle` before picking other libraries.
