docs/src/docs/theming/gatsby.mdx, before:

---
group: 'theming'
title: Usage with Gatsby.js
slug: /theming/gatsby/
order: 9
search: 'Setup SSR with Gatsby.js and gatsby-plugin-mantine'
---

# Usage with Gatsby.js

Mantine is fully compatible with Gatsby.js, follow following guide to setup your application

## Using a plugin

The simplest way to get started with Mantine in Gatsby is to use a plugin:

1. Install plugin:

```bash
yarn add gatsby-plugin-mantine

npm install gatsby-plugin-mantine
```

2. Add plugin to your `gatsby-config.js`

```tsx
module.exports = {
  plugins: ['gatsby-plugin-mantine' /* ...other plugins */],
};
```

3. All done! Server side rendering is fully functional

## Without plugin

To setup server side rendering without `gatsby-plugin-mantine`:

1. Install `@mantine/ssr`

```bash
yarn add @mantine/ssr

npm install @mantine/ssr
```

2. Create `gatsby-ssr.js` file with following code:

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { renderToString } from 'react-dom/server';
import { createStylesServer, ServerStyles } from '@mantine/ssr';

const stylesServer = createStylesServer();

export const replaceRenderer = ({ bodyComponent, replaceBodyHTMLString, setHeadComponents }) => {
  const html = renderToString(bodyComponent);
  setHeadComponents([<ServerStyles html={html} server={stylesServer} />]);
  replaceBodyHTMLString(html);
};
```

3. All done! Server side rendering is fully functional

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/theming/gatsby.mdx, after:

---
group: 'theming'
title: Usage with Gatsby.js
slug: /theming/gatsby/
order: 9
search: 'Setup SSR with Gatsby.js and gatsby-plugin-coengage'
---

# Usage with Gatsby.js

CoengageUI is fully compatible with Gatsby.js, follow following guide to setup your application

## Using a plugin

The simplest way to get started with CoengageUI in Gatsby is to use a plugin:

1. Install plugin:

```bash
yarn add gatsby-plugin-coengage

npm install gatsby-plugin-coengage
```

2. Add plugin to your `gatsby-config.js`

```tsx
module.exports = {
  plugins: ['gatsby-plugin-coengage' /* ...other plugins */],
};
```

3. All done! Server side rendering is fully functional

## Without plugin

To setup server side rendering without `gatsby-plugin-coengage`:

1. Install `@coengageui/ssr`

```bash
yarn add @coengageui/ssr

npm install @coengageui/ssr
```

2. Create `gatsby-ssr.js` file with following code:

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { renderToString } from 'react-dom/server';
import { createStylesServer, ServerStyles } from '@coengageui/ssr';

const stylesServer = createStylesServer();

export const replaceRenderer = ({ bodyComponent, replaceBodyHTMLString, setHeadComponents }) => {
  const html = renderToString(bodyComponent);
  setHeadComponents([<ServerStyles html={html} server={stylesServer} />]);
  replaceBodyHTMLString(html);
};
```

3. All done! Server side rendering is fully functional
