docs/src/docs/form/lists.mdx, before:

---
group: 'mantine-form'
package: '@mantine/form'
title: 'use-form lists'
order: 1
slug: /form/lists/
description: 'Manage array state with use-form hook'
docs: 'form/use-form.mdx'
source: 'mantine-form/src'
license: MIT
---

import { FormDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

## Usage

<Demo data={FormDemos.lists} />

## List handlers

`useForm` hook provides the following handlers to manage list state:

- `setListItem` – sets list item at specified field and index
- `removeListItem` – removes list item at specified field and index
- `addListItem` – appends list item to the end of the list at specified field
- `reorderListItem` – reorders list item with given position at specified field

## formList function

To create list state wrap an array with `formList` function exported from `@mantine/form`.
This function will let `formList` know that data in field should be treated as form list
and not as a regular array.

Value returned from the `formList` function is a regular array – it will serialize to the
same string as array with the same content. It also supports all array methods (`map`, `forEach`, `reduce`, etc.).

```tsx
JSON.stringify(formList([{ a: 1 }, { a: 2 }])) === JSON.stringify([{ a: 1 }, { a: 2 }]);
```

## Validation with rules object

```tsx
const form = useForm({
  initialValues: {
    users: formList([
      { name: 'John', age: 12 },
      { name: '', age: 22 },
    ]),
  },

  validate: {
    users: {
      name: (value) => (value.length < 2 ? 'Name should have at least 2 letters' : null),
      age: (value) => (value < 18 ? 'User must be 18 or older' : null),
    },
  },
});

form.validate();
form.errors; // -> { 'users.0.age': 'Name should have at least 2 letters', 'users.1.age': 'User must be 18 or older' }
```

## List items reordering

Example of items reordering with [react-beautiful-dnd](https://npmjs.com/package/react-beautiful-dnd):

<Demo data={FormDemos.dnd} />

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/form/lists.mdx, after:

---
group: 'coengageui-form'
package: '@coengageui/form'
title: 'use-form lists'
order: 1
slug: /form/lists/
description: 'Manage array state with use-form hook'
docs: 'form/use-form.mdx'
source: 'coengageui-form/src'
license: MIT
---

import { FormDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

## Usage

<Demo data={FormDemos.lists} />

## List handlers

`useForm` hook provides the following handlers to manage list state:

- `setListItem` – sets list item at specified field and index
- `removeListItem` – removes list item at specified field and index
- `addListItem` – appends list item to the end of the list at specified field
- `reorderListItem` – reorders list item with given position at specified field

## formList function

To create list state wrap an array with `formList` function exported from `@coengageui/form`.
This function will let `formList` know that data in field should be treated as form list
and not as a regular array.

Value returned from the `formList` function is a regular array – it will serialize to the
same string as array with the same content. It also supports all array methods (`map`, `forEach`, `reduce`, etc.).

```tsx
JSON.stringify(formList([{ a: 1 }, { a: 2 }])) === JSON.stringify([{ a: 1 }, { a: 2 }]);
```

## Validation with rules object

```tsx
const form = useForm({
  initialValues: {
    users: formList([
      { name: 'John', age: 12 },
      { name: '', age: 22 },
    ]),
  },

  validate: {
    users: {
      name: (value) => (value.length < 2 ? 'Name should have at least 2 letters' : null),
      age: (value) => (value < 18 ? 'User must be 18 or older' : null),
    },
  },
});

form.validate();
form.errors; // -> { 'users.0.age': 'Name should have at least 2 letters', 'users.1.age': 'User must be 18 or older' }
```

## List items reordering

Example of items reordering with [react-beautiful-dnd](https://npmjs.com/package/react-beautiful-dnd):

<Demo data={FormDemos.dnd} />
