docs/src/docs/form/schema.mdx, before:

---
group: 'mantine-form'
package: '@mantine/form'
title: 'use-form schema'
order: 2
slug: /form/schema/
description: 'use-form schema validation with zod, yup and joi'
docs: 'form/schema.mdx'
source: 'mantine-form/src'
---

import { FormDemos } from '@mantine/demos';

## Getting started

`@mantine/form` supports schema validation with [zod](https://www.npmjs.com/package/zod), [joi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/joi) and [yup](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yup) out of the box.
You will need to install one of the libraries yourself, as `@mantine/form` package does not depend on any of them.
If you do not know what validation library to choose, we recommend choosing [zod](https://www.npmjs.com/package/zod)
as the most modern and developer-friendly library.

## zod

Install [zod](https://www.npmjs.com/package/zod):

```
yarn add zod
npm install zod
```

Then create schema and wrap it with `zodResolver` exported from `@mantine/form`:

<Demo data={FormDemos.zod} />

## Yup

Install [yup](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yup):

```
yarn add yup
npm install yup
```

Then create schema and wrap it with `yupResolver` exported from `@mantine/form`:

<Demo data={FormDemos.yup} />

## Joi

Install [joi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/joi):

```
yarn add joi
npm install joi
```

Then create schema and wrap it with `joiResolver` exported from `@mantine/form`:

<Demo data={FormDemos.joi} />

Commit message:

All import names changed to coengageui

docs/src/docs/form/schema.mdx, after:

---
group: 'coengageui-form'
package: '@coengageui/form'
title: 'use-form schema'
order: 2
slug: /form/schema/
description: 'use-form schema validation with zod, yup and joi'
docs: 'form/schema.mdx'
source: 'coengageui-form/src'
---

import { FormDemos } from '@coengageui/demos';

## Getting started

`@coengageui/form` supports schema validation with [zod](https://www.npmjs.com/package/zod), [joi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/joi) and [yup](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yup) out of the box.
You will need to install one of the libraries yourself, as `@coengageui/form` package does not depend on any of them.
If you do not know what validation library to choose, we recommend choosing [zod](https://www.npmjs.com/package/zod)
as the most modern and developer-friendly library.

## zod

Install [zod](https://www.npmjs.com/package/zod):

```
yarn add zod
npm install zod
```

Then create schema and wrap it with `zodResolver` exported from `@coengageui/form`:

<Demo data={FormDemos.zod} />

## Yup

Install [yup](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yup):

```
yarn add yup
npm install yup
```

Then create schema and wrap it with `yupResolver` exported from `@coengageui/form`:

<Demo data={FormDemos.yup} />

## Joi

Install [joi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/joi):

```
yarn add joi
npm install joi
```

Then create schema and wrap it with `joiResolver` exported from `@coengageui/form`:

<Demo data={FormDemos.joi} />
